Changes the code of conduct to include that you have to discuss major changes with the proper teams (#19713)
ParadiseSS13/Paradise: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

All Pull Requests are expected to be tested prior to submission. If a submitted Pull Request fails to pass CI checks, the likelihood of it being merged will be significantly lower. If you can't take the time to compile/test your Pull Request, do not expect a warm reception.

> It is expected that contributors discuss larger changes on the forums or repository discussion tab prior to coding a Pull Request. The amount of time spent on any given Pull Request is not relevant. Repo staff are not responsible for contributors wasting their time creating features nobody asked for. Be sure to inform the corresponding teams about the forum post or discussion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is expected that contributors discuss larger changes on the forums or repository discussion tab prior to opening a Pull Request. The amount of time spent on any given Pull Request is not relevant. Repo staff are not responsible for contributors wasting their time creating features nobody asked for. Be sure to inform the corresponding teams about the forum post or discussion.
```

Author: IIRC the original meaning of that sentence was indeed before opening. To avoid people wasting their time

Reviewer: suggestion updated

> In addition, discussing any change with the corresponding teams is very much advised. For large changes, changes which have a lot of impact (balance or design), species changes (however minor) or other changes that might be controversial, you should always discuss this with the corresponding teams. Failure to do so might result in your PR being closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, discussing any change with the relevant teams is strongly advised. For large changes, changes which have a lot of impact (balance or design), species changes (however minor), or other changes that might be controversial, you should always discuss this with the relevant teams. Failure to do so might result in your PR being closed.
```
